In this exercise, you '11 work with a Book object that uses an Authors object to
store one or more Author objects.
Open and test the program
1. In IDLE, open the objects.py and authors_test.py files that are in this folder:
python/ exercises/ ch15 / authors
2. Review the code and note how the Book object uses an Authors object to store
one or more Authors.
3. Run the code to see how it works. At this point, it doesn 't display the book or
author infonnation correctly, but you '11 fix that later in this exercise.
Improve the Author, Authors, and Book classes
4. In the Author class, add a _ str_ () method that returns the first and last name
of the author, separated by a space.
5. In the Authors class, add a _ str_ () method that returns the name of each
author, separating multiple authors with a comma and a space.
6. In the Book class, add a _ str_ () method that returns the title of the book,
followed by the word "by" and one or more authors, with each author
separated by a comma.
7. Run the authors_tester module again. This time, it should display the correct
data for the book and author information.
Make sure the program works correctly for a single author
8. In the authors_tester module, comrnent out the statement that adds the second
author. Then, run the module again. This should work, but the last line says
"Authors" where it should say "Author".
9. Modify the code so it uses the count property of the Authors object to display
the correct label for the author or authors depending on the number of authors
for the book.
Define and use an iterator for the Authors object
10. In the Authors class, add the _ iter_ () and _ next_ () methods that make it
possible to use a for statement to loop through all Author objects stored in the
Authors object.
11. In the authors_tester module, add a for statement that loops through each
author in the Authors object and prints each author to the console. When
you 're done, running this module should display this data to the console: