Open and test the program
1. In IDLE, open the objects.py and product_ viewer.py files in this folder:
python/ exercises/ ch15 / product_viewer
2. Review the code and run the progra1n to 1nake sure it works correctly. Note
that the Movie class displays the for1nat, which is DVD, as part of the na1ne of
the product.
Improve the Movie and Book classes
3. In the Movie class, add an attribute na1ned for1nat that stores the for1nat of the
product. For exa1nple, the for1nat could be DVD, strea1ning, and so on.
4. In the product_ viewer 1nodule, 1nodify the code that creates the Movie object
so it stores "DVD" as the for1nat attribute instead of appending this data to
the end of the na1ne attribute. Then, 1nodify the code that displays the Movie
object, so it displays the for1nat on a separate line, after the year of the 1novie.
5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 for the Book class. You can use "Hardcover" as the
for1nat for the book. Or, if you prefer, you can specify a different type of book
for1nat such as "Paperback" or "ebook".
Add an Album class
6. In the objects 1nodule, add a class na1ned Albu1n that inherits the Product
class. The Albu1n class should add two attributes: one for storing the artist and
another for storing the for1nat.
7. In the product_ viewer.py file, 1nodify the code that creates the objects so it
includes a fo urth object, an Albu1n object. This object should contain the
data for a 1nusic albu1n that you like. Then, add code that displays the Albu1n
object as shown at the beginning of this exercise.
Add a Media class
8. In the objects 1nodule, add a class na1ned Media that inherits the Product
class. This class should add a for1nat attribute to the Product class.
9. Modify the Movie, Book, and Albu1n classes so they inherit the Media class,
not the Product class. This should create a class hierarchy that looks like this:
Product
Media
Movie
Book
Album
10. Modify the Movie, Book, and Albu1n classes so the constructor of each class
accepts a for1nat argu1nent and passes that argu1nent on to the constructor of
the Media class. In other words, these classes should set the for1nat attribute
by calling the constructor of the Media class. Note how this reduces code
duplication.
11. In the product_ viewer.py file, 1nodify the code that displays the products so
it only displays the for1nat attribute for Media objects. Note how this reduces
code duplication.